Hi Ameer,
Hope all is well! — here's a small, realistic exercise we'd love you to take on.

THE TASK — SUPPORT INBOX ASSISTANT

A support team is drowning in inbound messages. Build a small full-stack app that does the first-pass triage for each message and produces, per message:

category — one of: billing, bug, feature request, account, security, other
priority — one of: low, medium, high, urgent
summary — one line
suggested reply — a draft the agent can edit
confidence — 0.0 to 1.0, so low-confidence items can be escalated
A human reviews everything; you're making their first pass fast and trustworthy, not auto-sending anything. Three parts:

Backend / API returning the structured triage. Treat the LLM as unreliable — it will sometimes return malformed or out-of-schema output; handle that.
Review-queue frontend — list tickets, show the triage, let a human edit the reply and approve/reject. Functional over fancy.
Evaluation harness — run your pipeline over all 30 tickets, report metrics (at least category accuracy and priority agreement) against the labeled subset, plus a short, honest error analysis (where it fails, why, what you'd do next).
Time-box: about 2 days. We don't expect polish — we want a working thing, sharp prioritization, and clear notes on trade-offs and corners cut. Smaller and well-reasoned beats sprawling and unfinished.

THE MODEL — FREE AND LOCAL, THE SAME FOR EVERYONE

Install Ollama and pull the model (one-time ~2GB, then fully offline):

ollama pull llama3.2:3b


Ollama serves an OpenAI-compatible endpoint at http://localhost:11434/v1. Make your LLM connection configurable via environment variables — LLM_BASE_URL, LLM_MODEL, LLM_API_KEY — and target an OpenAI-compatible endpoint (most SDKs need only a base-URL override). Don't hardcode them, and never commit API keys.

ATTACHED — TWO JSON FILES

tickets.json — 30 inbound messages to triage. Deliberately messy: some clear, some ambiguous, a few adversarial or low-quality. Handle them gracefully.
labels.json — ground-truth category + priority for a subset, for your eval. Don't overfit — report accuracy honestly; that's the point of an eval.
Have your eval write eval/results.json in this shape:

{
  "metrics": { "category_accuracy": 0.0, "priority_agreement": 0.0 },
  "predictions": [
    { "id": "T-001", "category": "billing", "priority": "high",
      "summary": "...", "suggested_reply": "...", "confidence": 0.9, "escalate": false }
  ]
}


— one prediction per ticket (all 30).

WHAT WE LOOK FOR

A reliable AI layer (schema validation, retries/fallbacks, sensible behavior on bad input), evaluation rigor and honesty, clean code, good product/safety judgment on the tricky tickets, a clear README, and a working end-to-end demo.

SUBMITTING

Reply with a link to a public GitHub repository, including a README covering how to install/run, which env vars to set, how to run the eval and where to read results, and your decisions, trade-offs, limitations, and next steps. If something's unfinished, say so and why.

TOOLS AND THE INTERVIEW

Use whatever helps you build, AI assistants included — we do too. Because of that, the submission is our starting point, not the finish line: in the interview we'll walk through it together — you'll explain why you built it the way you did and how you'd extend it. So send something you understand well and can reason about with us in the room.

Please send it back by [Thursday]. We'll read it beforehand and go deep together live. Any questions — just reply. Good luck!